Document Egress feature's options and usage on cloud (#5436)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/egress.md

configuration change and redirect the packets from the Pods in the `prod`
Namespace to the new Node.

## Options

There are several options that can be configured for Egress according to your
case.

- `egress.exceptCIDRs` - The CIDR ranges to which outbound Pod traffic will not
  be SNAT'd by Egresses. The option was added in Antrea v1.4.0.
- `egress.maxEgressIPsPerNode` - The maximum number of Egress IPs that can be
  assigned to a Node. It's useful when the Node network restricts the number of

>   secondary IPs a Node can have, e.g. EKS. It must not be greater than 255. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secondary IPs a Node can have, e.g. in AWS EC2. The configured value must not be greater than 255. The
```

  restriction applies to all Nodes in the cluster. If you want to set different
  capacities for Nodes, the `node.antrea.io/max-egress-ips` annotation of Node

>   objects can be used to specify distinct values for Nodes, taking priority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  objects can be used to specify different values for different Nodes, taking priority
```

Author: done

  over the value configured in the config file. The option and the annotation
  were added in Antrea v1.11.0.

## Egress on Cloud

High-Availability Egress requires the Egress IPs to be able to float across
Nodes. When assigning an Egress IP to a Node, Antrea assumes the responsibility
of advertising the Egress IPs to the Node network via ARP or NDP protocols.
However, cloud networks usually apply SpoofGuard which prevents the Nodes from
using any IP that is not configured for them in the cloud's control plane, or

> even don't support multicast and broadcast. These lead to the high availability

Reviewer: These restrictions lead to High-Availability Egress not being as readily available on some clouds as it is on on-premise networks, and some custom (i.e., cloud-specific) work is required to assign the Egress IPs as secondary IPs of the Nodes in the cloud's control plane.

Author: done

of Egress is not readily available on some clouds as it is on on-premises
network, and some custom work is required to make the Egress IPs the secondary
IPs of the Nodes in the cloud's control plane.

### AWS

In Amazon VPC, every packet flow on the network is individually authorized

> to validate the source IP and destination IP before it is transmitted and

Reviewer: I think it is more than that, as this could be worked around by disabling address checks. Isn't the core problem that ARP traffic doesn't hit the network? Maybe it would be useful to link to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/logical-separation/vpc-and-accompanying-features.html:

> Every packet flow on the network is individually authorized against a rule to validate the correct source and destination before it is transmitted and delivered. It is highly improbable for information to arbitrarily pass between entities without specifically being authorized by both the transmitting and receiving entity. If a packet is being routed to a destination without a rule that matches it, the packet is dropped. Reply addresses must be valid or the packet is dropped. Moreover, while address resolution protocol (ARP) packets trigger an authenticated database look-up, ARP packets never hit the network as they are not needed for discovery of the virtual network topology. This means ARP spoofing is highly improbable on the AWS network.

Author: Yes, updated.

configuration change and redirect the packets from the Pods in the `prod`
Namespace to the new Node.

> ## Options

Reviewer: nit: s/Options/Configuration options

There are several options that can be configured for Egress according to your
case.

- `egress.exceptCIDRs` - The CIDR ranges to which outbound Pod traffic will not
  be SNAT'd by Egresses. The option was added in Antrea v1.4.0.
- `egress.maxEgressIPsPerNode` - The maximum number of Egress IPs that can be
  assigned to a Node. It's useful when the Node network restricts the number of
  secondary IPs a Node can have, e.g. in AWS EC2. The configured value must not
  be greater than 255. The restriction applies to all Nodes in the cluster. If
  you want to set different capacities for Nodes, the
  `node.antrea.io/max-egress-ips` annotation of Node objects can be used to
  specify different values for different Nodes, taking priority over the value
  configured in the config file. The option and the annotation were added in
  Antrea v1.11.0.

## Egress on Cloud

High-Availability Egress requires the Egress IPs to be able to float across
Nodes. When assigning an Egress IP to a Node, Antrea assumes the responsibility

> of advertising the Egress IPs to the Node network via ARP or NDP protocols.

Reviewer: via the ARP or NDP protocols.

However, cloud networks usually apply SpoofGuard which prevents the Nodes from
using any IP that is not configured for them in the cloud's control plane, or
even don't support multicast and broadcast. These restrictions lead to
High-Availability Egress not being as readily available on some clouds as it is
on on-premise networks, and some custom (i.e., cloud-specific) work is required
to assign the Egress IPs as secondary IPs of the Nodes in the cloud's control

> plane.

Reviewer: maybe this would be clearer:

> and some custom (i.e., cloud-specific) work is required in the cloud's control plane to assign the Egress IP as secondary Node IPs.

### AWS

In Amazon VPC, ARP packets never hit the network, and traffic with Egress IP as

> source IP or destination IP isn't transmitted arbitrarily before they are

Reviewer: do you mean "unless they are explicitly authorized" instead of "before they are authorized"?

authorized (check [AWS VPC Whitepaper](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/logical-separation/vpc-and-accompanying-features.html)
for more information). To authorize an Egress IP, it must be configured as the
secondary IP of the primary network interface of the Egress Node instance. You
can refer to the [AWS doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/MultipleIP.html#assignIP-existing)
to assign a secondary IP to a network interface.

If you are using static Egress and managing the Egress IPs' assignment

> yourself, you should ensure the Egress IP is assigned as one of the IP

Reviewer: If you are using static Egress and managing the assignment of Egress IPs yourself: you should ensure...

addresses of the primary network interface of the Egress Node instance via
Amazon EC2 console or AWS CLI.

If you are using High-Availability Egress and let Antrea manage the Egress IPs'

> assignment, at the moment Antrea can only assign the Egress IP to an Egress

Reviewer: If you are using High-Availability Egress and let Antrea manage the assignment of Egress IPs: at the moment Antrea can only assign the Egress IP to an Egress Node at the operating system level (i.e., add the IP to the interface), and you still need to ensure the Egress IP ...
